Don't display folders in restore output (#3414)
alcionai/corso: CHANGELOG.md

- Refined oneDrive rate limiter controls to reduce throttling errors.
- Fix handling of duplicate folders at the same hierarchy level in Exchange. Duplicate folders will be merged during restore operations.
- Fix backup for mailboxes that has used up all their storage quota

> - Don't show restored folders in CLI restore output. Only show restored items instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restored folders will no longer appear in the Restore results. Only items will get displayed.
```

Author: thanks! guess I should put more thought into my changelog messages 😅

Reviewer: heh, naw.  entirely a nitpick; it would've been fine.
